"Hello everyone! Good to see all your faces fresh and ready for the week ahead. Things are looking up for us with this one final push, so everyone just needs to keep on task. One small hiccup though gang. Damian, our beloved floor manager, is on vacation! So happy for him, but that does mean someone is going to need to pick up his work while he’s gone. Any volunteers? Alrighty then so it’s settled! Intern! Since you’re already ahead of the schedule, we’ll be asking you to help out a little with some very small things to keep things moving along. Don’t worry! The boss has already written out most tasks for the day. You’ll find it on your desk. Evals will also happen at the end of the week. Don’t forget! Anyway, let's get to the rest of the meeting..."
"Hello everyone! Another day and another chance for success. Isn’t that right? Well we don’t have to worry about things for too much longer. We’re almost done with this project. However unfortunately there was a local animal escape at a nearby zoo and our good friend Shandra discovered she was actually allergic to cats and won’t be coming in today. Apparently bigger cats mean bigger allergies! Thanks to that everyone will be splitting some of their work to keep the office going strong. We all have to look out for our family. Everyone’s work list has been updated already and you’ll find it waiting for you on your desk."
"Alright guys. It’s hump day! That means we’re almost through our week and our launch is almost here. I do want to welcome back Shandra from her small allergy scare. All the animals are safely back in the zoo and nobody was hurt. However, she is still recovering a bit so we’ll expect everyone to cover for her. Also, Dahbia will be taking the day off. She has been selected for an interstellar collaborative effort. Who knew aliens existed and they needed help coding their software to work on wifi? I certainly didn’t. That does mean we will need to pick up a little extra work around the office to make sure this family still runs smoothly though. That means you’re up intern. You’ve handled things so smoothly before so I think you’ll be able to handle a few extra tasks. We appreciate you. Now onto other topics for today..."
"It’s Thursday, everyone. We’re almost through the week and the deadline is almost here. Things are going smoothly, and Dahbia is finally back from her trip. Apparently, the aliens also have time travel so she’s been gone for a while. That means she’ll need some time to catch back up on what we’re still doing and what she thinks was already finished without her. Good luck with the disconnect. There’s gonna be a big meeting with shareholders today with all the leads so things might get a bit hectic in the office. Intern I trust you already can tell where this is going. We really appreciate everything you’re doing, but we all suffer during crunch time. Just a little more and we’ll all get through this together. Check your desk for tasks. Moving on with the rest of our schedule..."
"Alright everyone it’s the last day. Everyone is caught up, but the meeting with the shareholders yesterday pushed us back a bit. We convinced them we didn’t have enough time to change half the game overnight, but there are some last-minute revisions that gotta get done. Intern, keep doing what you’re doing. We’re gonna give you a bit more to do since everyone has to buckle down, but this is it I promise. Damian will be back on Monday and he’ll take over all of his tasks again. Remember evals are coming up and we will be getting the results over the weekend! Let’s finish up strong! Next on the meeting agenda..."