Hey there, Intern! I’m so happy to see you! I’ve been thinking about evaluations coming up and wanted to check in on you.
Are you nervous? You really shouldn’t be, not if you’ve been keeping up with all of the tasks you’ve been assigned.
I used to be a champion task manager, back in my days as an intern at the city Zoo.
Not to pat myself on the back or anything, but I used to be able to carry four cups of coffee on my head through the park to the office...
...and bring water to all of the animals at the Zoo at the same time without spilling a single drop. Of coffee, I mean.
I used to get water everywhere! HAHA! It was such a mess! The animals didn’t mind, though.
I just cleaned it right on up and worked myself into the best evaluation anyone had ever seen.
That’s what life is about though, eh intern? Little messes that we keep clean if we want to keep our jobs.
It’s important to stay focused and on task in uncertain times like these because you never know...
...when someone will just pull the rug out from under you and you’ll need to be like “Whoa!” and regain control of the situation.
Taking control! That’s what I’m best at! It helps me stay ahead of my day and on track to keep ahead of all the little interruptions that just pointlessly waste our time and fill the air.
And no one has the time to have their time wasted, right? Of course I’m right! I planned it that way!
That’s why I got such stellar evaluations as an intern at the Zoo and how I got hired here. Yup!
“Zoo Employee most likely to be successful elsewhere”, that’s what they called me, and I was!
See I wouldn’t be standing here today contributing to your success if it hadn’t been for my time poring away as an intern.
Do you understand what I’m trying to say to you here? This unpaid opportunity is one that you need to make the most out of...
...every minute of every day, never letting anyone get in the way of truly ACHEIVING every second and really getting all that you can out of this time.
I mean, I’m sure it wasn’t easy to get in the door, and you have a lot riding on this opportunity...
...but don’t let that STRESS YOU OUT or create a panic situation where you waste all of your time doing nothing.
That would truly be the worst crime of them all, I mean, to sit around during these most valuable moments and not make every single moment as precious and effective as it can be.
That’s why I am such a productive success here! I seize the day!
While others prance their fingers about on their keyboards and fiddle with projectors, I am making the best use of my time...
...effectively synergizing productivity for the floor and keeping pace for the team!
Tracking and accountability, that’s most important to me! Stick with me and I promise great success, intern.
Did you know that Damian was an intern once too? Not at the Zoo like me, but here.
I’ll bet if he had been as good of an intern as I was he could have risen to the tippest top of the ranks here.
But alas, I was unavailable to help him with the same tenacity and commitment that I will use to make you SUCCEED, Intern!
That’s how you know you’ll do right and succeed here, by sticking with me and hanging on every single gem that falls out of my mouth.
This is what success is made of, Intern. Listening, learning, and standing.
Always standing up for what you believe in, the place you are at, and the people you are with!
That’s the type of attitude that really drives worthwhile interactions in today’s business climate.
So don’t worry about your evaluation, Intern. As long as you’ve been using your time wisely at work I’m certain you’ll be stellar.