Intern! It’s so good to see you! Do you remember how I told you that my dad was coming to visit this weekend with his new girlfriend?
No? Well it’s a lovely story! They decided to drive down from upstate on Thursday and take the scenic route instead of the expressway...
...and while they were driving they saw a sign that just tickled them so much they had to stop!
It was the world’s largest smallest flea market, and they sold tiny cotton candies and sodas and it was apparently just the cutest thing!
Since my Dad’s new girlfriend is the charitable type, she wanted to support the little flea people financially...
...so she bought enough sodas and cotton candy for the rest of their trip to the city!
I guess they only sold their concessions in sizes appropriate for the fleas, though...
...so it took SEVEN WHOLE HOURS to fill up the tiny cups and fill all the teensy cotton candy bags!
Oh, I’ll bet it was so much fun to watch those little fleas swirl those tiny paper cones in their little spun sugar machines.
I can only imagine! Really, I can only imagine because I can’t get near fleas, my poor Skritchers is allergic...
...and If I get too close they might make it back to my apartment and get in poor Skritchers’ fur.
Skritchers is my favorite kitty! He’s such a big boy!  I’ve had him since he was just a kitten and I was an intern at the city zoo.
I told you about that, right? My successful time and task management skills helped me excel there and get my job here...
...but none of it would have mattered at all if I hadn’t met my big purry boy!
I was so distracted last night because I couldn’t find him at supper. I kept calling his name and shaking his bag of treats but he never turned up before bed.
It was all okay though! As I was getting into bed I could hear his big loud purr rattling the fire escape and shaking my bedroom wall.
Everything is better with a purring kitty nearby, I always say!
So how about those tasks today, huh? Wow, Damian sure knows how to keep us busy, even when he isn’t here.
I guess that’s just the way of the world, though, I suppose. “Sewage Rolls Downhill” they say.
So how about those tasks today, huh?