I swear on my commute over I saw a cloud that looked like it was being split in half by another cloud.
And then it had all of these little clouds all around it, like a cloud resting lazily on a pile of fluffy clouds.
It looked SO COMFORTABLE! I would have layed there looking at it all day but then someone told me I needed to get up...
...because I was on the sidewalk and what was I doing looking at clouds...
...but I say what’s the point of even waking up if you’re not going to take the time and appreciate the beauty in the little things, amirite?
So anyway like I was saying there was an episode of my favorite show on last Thursday, the one with the tall guy who always comes in and saves the day at the end...
...and then he met the girl with the hair? I love to watch her in like, anything she’s in.
I remember she was in that one film a few years ago with the other two women from that show they were on.
Do you know which one I am talking about? It was out for two seasons, and then it got cancelled before the third?
Well, anyway, she’s in it too, and it is just the funniest, scariest thing I’ve seen in ages.
I’m like I could watch anything this guy is in but this show is really special because it speaks to me on a deeper level.
Spiritually, I mean. When I’m watching it I feel connected with the greater infinite expanses of space and I feel the utter meaninglessness of the black void of time...
...and it just makes me feel at home, I guess. But also like I’m not at home, like I’m staying at a bed and breakfast or someone’s AirBnB and they turned off the lights...
...and I don’t know where the light switch is but it’s okay because there was a turn-down service I wasn’t expecting and so the bed is already ready for me to climb into...
...but I also don’t know if I’m going to make it there without stubbing my toe, you know? The show is kinda like that.
It gives me the “I’m at home but I’m also not at home feeling” that we watch TV for in the first place, you know what I’m saying?
Of course you do. You seem like one of those, “Deep thinker with lots of time on my hands...
...to ponder the infinite possible realities of the universe while watching primetime television” sort of people, so I figure you’ve got to get it.
So anyway this show was on the other night and right around the middle of the second act of the episode structure I had to get up and use the bathroom...
...so I paused the tivo and when I came back to continue watching, the screen was paused on a frame that had a cloud that looked SO MUCH like the one I saw this morning! It was uncanny!
It was uncanny!