Good Morning! It really is just the most beautiful weather we’re having today, isn’t it?
I'm such a huge fan of days like today. Not too hot, not too cold, or too breezy, or windy at all really.
It’s like you could take an umbrella outside and not have to worry at all about it getting flipped inside out or carried away.
BUT HOW SILLY! You don’t need an umbrella on a beautiful day like today that’s neither too hot nor too cold at all.
In fact I think it’s just the right type of weather for taking a game of checkers to the park and waiting on a bench for someone to come play with me.
I can wait all day sometimes, if I like. It doesn’t bother me at all to wait. I can stay there all day just checkin’ my checkers…. Get it?
I made a joke about checkers there just now. I do a lot of joke-making while I’m waiting for new friends to come along and play checkers.
Sometimes the jokes I tell are so funny that they make me laugh and it scares the pigeons away...
...but I don't mind at all, because the pigeons scare away the people who might want to sit down with me and play checkers.
It’s such a nice day for it, too! I love when the weather is like this and it’s not hot at all...
...not so hot that you would need to wear shorts or sandals which I don’t like to do at all because I have very hairy feet.
My mom once said that if I wasn’t bigfoot’s child she wouldn’t be sure where she put my head on if she didn’t screw it on so tight.
But that’s why I don’t really wear sandals.
That and I haven’t found a truly business-appropriate sandal that doesn’t stand out awkwardly in today’s workaday world of brown and black business shoes.
See, sandals can’t be polished, right? So they don’t look very professional, especially when you have to put bandaids on your toes from when you cut them shaving.
Anyway I think it is really important to have professional shoes in today’s modern way of working...
...and if you aren’t wearing the right shoes someone might think you’re just a layabout with nothing better to do...
...so instead of sandals I wear these really shiny-cap-toed shoes and I wake up extra early every day before work to polish them...
...and then I get to work early so that the shoe-shine guy in the hall can give them an extra good once-over so that I look fit to start the day like a well-prepared worker.
Sometimes though the shoe shine guy wants to talk forever and I’m like, "C’mon, guy! Can’t you hurry it along?"
But I would never say that because he's such a lovely man and did you know that he is only two years away from retirement?
He has been in this building for more than seventeen years. Isn’t that something? He has stories about almost every person that works here...
...and he could go on and on for hours and I’m just standing there like, “Hey guy this is great but some of us have places we need to be, amirite?”
But I let him go on sometimes because it’s just polite and it’s not like there is much you wouldn’t want to take time for on such a gorgeous day like today!
It’s not like there is much you wouldn’t want to take time for on such a gorgeous day like today!